#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   google-genai
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
bcrypt==4.3.0
    # via passlib
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via google-auth
certifi==2025.6.15
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   rich-toolkit
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via email-validator
docstring-parser==0.16
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
email-validator==2.2.0
    # via fastapi
fastapi[standard]==0.115.14
    # via -r requirements.in
fastapi-cli[standard]==0.0.7
    # via fastapi
google-api-core[grpc]==2.25.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-speech
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth==2.40.3
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-speech
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-genai
google-cloud-aiplatform==1.101.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-bigquery==3.34.0
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-core==2.4.3
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-resource-manager==1.14.2
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-speech==2.33.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-storage==2.19.0
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-crc32c==1.7.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-genai==1.24.0
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos[grpc]==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.14.2
    # via google-cloud-resource-manager
grpcio==1.73.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.73.1
    # via google-api-core
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httptools==0.6.4
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   google-genai
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   requests
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via fastapi
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mysql-connector-python==9.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==2.3.1
    # via shapely
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
passlib[bcrypt]==1.7.4
    # via -r requirements.in
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-speech
protobuf==6.31.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-speech
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-genai
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.10.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pygments==2.19.2
    # via rich
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via google-cloud-bigquery
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   uvicorn
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via fastapi
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via uvicorn
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-genai
rich==14.0.0
    # via
    #   rich-toolkit
    #   typer
rich-toolkit==0.14.8
    # via fastapi-cli
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
shapely==2.1.1
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
starlette==0.46.2
    # via fastapi
tenacity==8.5.0
    # via google-genai
typer==0.16.0
    # via fastapi-cli
typing-extensions==4.14.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   fastapi
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-genai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   rich-toolkit
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via requests
uvicorn[standard]==0.35.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   fastapi-cli
uvloop==0.21.0
    # via uvicorn
watchfiles==1.1.0
    # via uvicorn
websockets==15.0.1
    # via
    #   google-genai
    #   uvicorn
